Add guide about contributing to product specific docs (#1731)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/building/pages/product-docs.adoc

= Contributing to product-specific documentations
:toc:
:sectnums:
// URLs
:url_github_core: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-core/issues
:url_jira_docs: https://lightcurve.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/DOC/boards/2/backlog

== Creating issues

> . Go to the product-spcific GitHub repository, for example the {url_github_core}[Lisk Core repository^], and check that no issue regarding the topic was already created before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Go to the product-specific GitHub repository, for example the {url_github_core}[Lisk Core repository^], and check that no issue regarding the topic has already been previously created.
```

. *Create a new issue*:

> .. Choose the fitting issue template and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Choose the fitting issue template and then perform the following:
```

.. Fill out the issue description as *clearly* and *detailed* as possible.
. Go to the {url_jira_docs}[Lisk Docs Jira board^]:
. *Create a new story*:
.. Copy the summary from the GitHub issue created in step 2.
.. Copy the description from the GitHub issue.

> .. Paste the link to the GitHub issue under *GitHub URL*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Paste the link to the GitHub issue under the *GitHub URL*.
```

== Working on issues

. *Assign yourself* to the issue in *Jira*.
. Click on the GitHub URL and assign yourself to the issue on *GitHub*.
. Navigate inside the product-specific repository (e.g. Lisk Core), check out the `development` branch and pull the latest changes.
. *Create a new branch* to work on the issue.
.. Give it a descriptive name, and prepend the number of the issue created before.
. Move the corresponding Story in Jira to the column "IN PROGRESS".
. Work locally on the issue.
. *Create a pull request* to merge your branch into `development`.
. When the PR is ready for review, *request a review* from a developer familiar with the product and a docs team member.
.. *Notify the reviewers* about the review in the `#lisk-docs` channel via Slack.
.. Create the corresponding *subtasks in Jira* and assign the reviewers.
. Once the PR is approved by all reviewers, it will be merged automatically.
. Once the PR is merged, move the respective Jira Story to the "DONE" column.

> NOTE: In case the issue is related to a previous version of the product, the corresponding base branch / tag for the version should be chosen as base for working on the issue, instead of `development`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In case the issue is related to a previous version of the product, the corresponding base branch / tag for the version should be chosen as the base for working on the issue, instead of `development`.
```
